README.markdown, before:

# JumpCloud UI Engineer Assignment

## Instructions

Using the code already in this repository as a starting point, please create
the front end for a simple "ToDo" application. The app should support the 
ability to view and edit/complete existing todos, add new todos, and delete
todos. A simple API has been created at `http://localhost:3004/api/todos` that
will function as the back end. The solution should demonstrate your ability to:

- Organize front end code
- Interact with an existing API
- Use a front end framework (e.g. _Angular_, _Backbone_, _React_, _Vue_ )
- Style your work
- Create scalable and secure code

Tests are _NOT_ required!

## Running the application

To run the application, make sure you have `node` and `npm` installed on your
machine. Note that this application was built with node 8.2.1. Then do the
following:

1. Install dependencies:
  ```
  $ npm install
  ```

2. Run the server:
  ```
  $ npm run start:server
  ```

3. Run the client:
  ```
  $ npm run start:client
  ```

4. Point browser to:
  ```
  http://localhost:8005/
  ```

**JumpCloud Confidential, please do not distribute this assignment in any form.**

Commit message:

[CR] Clarify requirements in bullet list. Update style suggestions.

README.markdown, after:

# JumpCloud UI Engineer Assignment

## Instructions

Using the code already in this repository as a starting point, please create
the front end for a simple "ToDo" application. The applicaction should allow
the user to:

- Create a new todo item
- Display a list of todo items
- Update an existing todo item
  - Toggle the done status
  - Change the description
- Delete a todo item

A simple API has been created at `http://localhost:8004/api/todos` that
will function as the back end. The solution should demonstrate your ability to:

- Organize front end code
- Interact with an existing API
- Use a front end JavaScript framework (e.g. _Angular_, _Backbone_, _React_, _Vue_ )
- Style your work using either custom CSS or a CSS framework.
- Create scalable and secure code

Tests are _NOT_ required!

## Running the application

To run the application, make sure you have `node` and `npm` installed on your
machine. Note that this application was built with node 8.2.1. Then do the
following:

1. Install dependencies:
  ```
  $ npm install
  ```

2. Run the server:
  ```
  $ npm run start:server
  ```

3. Run the client:
  ```
  $ npm run start:client
  ```

4. Point browser to:
  ```
  http://localhost:8005/
  ```

**JumpCloud Confidential, please do not distribute this assignment in any form.**
